# Automates_Project

### Description:

This project focuses on implementing fundamental algorithms for manipulating automate. The following algorithms will be implemented:

Automaton product: Calculate the product of two automates.
Automaton star operation: Apply the star operation to an automaton.
Automaton union: Compute the union of two automates.
Removal of epsilon transitions.
Determinization and minimization of automata.

### Part 1: 

Design a data structure to store the information of an automaton.
Implement a function to read and store an automaton from a text file. Each line of the file follows this structure:
Starting state
Transition state
Initial and final states are provided at the end of the file.
Add a function to generate a dot file associated with a given automaton as a parameter and display it on the screen.

### Part 2: 

Develop a function to test whether a word M is generated by an automaton A. Both the word M and the automaton A are parameters of this function.
Create a function to read the content of a text file and display the list of words generated by a given automaton.

### Part 3: 

Implement the following functions:
Union_Automata: Calculate the union of automata passed as parameters.
Etoile_Automaton: Apply the star operation to an automaton passed as a parameter.
Product_Automata: Compute the product of two automata passed as parameters.

### Part 4: 

Implement the following functions:
Product of Two Automata: Calculate the product of two automata.
Removal of Epsilon Transitions.
Union of Two Automata.
